feat: Add Custom State Check Support to Create Module Command (#1764)
kyma-project/cli: docs/gen-docs/kyma_alpha_create_module.md

  -o, --output string                       File to write the module template if the module is uploaded to a registry. (default "template.yaml")
  -p, --path string                         Path to the module's contents. (default current directory)
      --registry string                     Context URL of the repository. The repository URL will be automatically added to the repository contexts in the module descriptor.
      --registry-cred-selector string       Label selector to identify an externally created Secret of type "kubernetes.io/dockerconfigjson". It allows the image to be accessed in private image registries. It can be used when you push your module to a registry with authenticated access. For example, "label1=value1,label2=value2".
  -r, --resource stringArray                Add an extra resource in a new layer in the <NAME:TYPE@PATH> format. If you provide only a path, the name defaults to the last path element, and the type is set to 'helm-chart'.
      --sec-scanners-config string          Path to the file holding the security scan configuration. (default "sec-scanners-config.yaml")

>       --state-check-json-paths strings      Specifies list of json paths for custom state check for the module. Eg: status.health,status.health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --state-check-json-paths strings      Specifies the list of JSON paths for custom state check for the module. For example, status.health,status.health
```

>       --state-check-mapped-states strings   Specifies list of custom states that are mapped to the module CR for corresponding values at the json path. Eg: Ready,Error NOTE: must be a valid Kyma CR state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --state-check-mapped-states strings   Specifies the list of custom states mapped to the module CR for corresponding values at the JSON path. For example, Ready, Error **NOTE**: must be a valid Kyma CR state.
```

>       --state-check-values strings          Specifies list of corresponding values of json paths for custom state check for the module. Eg: green,red

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --state-check-values strings          Specifies the list of corresponding values of JSON paths for the module custom state check. For example, green, red
```
